# 安装

## 如何安装和使用me

Install the `sphinx_rtd_theme` package (or add it to your
`requirements.txt` file):

``` console
$ pip install sphinx_rtd_theme
```

In your Sphinx project\'s `conf.py` file, add `sphinx_rtd_theme` to the
list of enabled extensions and as the active theme:

``` python
extensions = [
    ...
    'sphinx_rtd_theme',
]

html_theme = "sphinx_rtd_theme"
```

::: seealso
`supported-browsers`{.interpreted-text role="ref"} Officially supported
and tested browser/operating system combinations

`supported-dependencies`{.interpreted-text role="ref"}

:   Officially Supported versions of Python, Sphinx, and other
    dependencies.
:::

::: note
::: title
Note
:::

Adding this theme as an extension is what enables localization of theme
strings in your translated output. If these strings are not translated
in your output, either we lack the localized strings for your locale, or
you are using an old version of the theme.
:::

## How to upgrade {#howto_upgrade}

Adding `sphinx-rtd-theme` to your project\'s dependencies will make pip
install the latest compatible version of the theme.

If you want to test a **pre-release**, you need to be explicit about the
version you specify. Otherwise, pip will ignore pre-releases. Add for
instance `sphinx-rtd-theme==1.1.0b3` to test a pre-release.

::: tip
::: title
Tip
:::

We recommend that you pin the version of Sphinx that your project is
built with. We won\'t release sphinx-rtd-theme without marking its
compatibility with Sphinx. So if you do not pin `sphinx-rtd-theme`
itself, you will always get the *latest compatible* release.

More information is available in Read the Docs\' documentation on
`rtd:guides/reproducible-builds`{.interpreted-text role="doc"}.
:::
