# 配置

## 主题选项

The following options can be defined in your project\'s `conf.py` file,
using the
`html_theme_options <sphinx:html_theme_options>`{.interpreted-text
role="confval"} configuration option.

For example:

``` python
html_theme_options = {
    'analytics_id': 'G-XXXXXXXXXX',  #  Provided by Google in your dashboard
    'analytics_anonymize_ip': False,
    'logo_only': False,
    'display_version': True,
    'prev_next_buttons_location': 'bottom',
    'style_external_links': False,
    'vcs_pageview_mode': '',
    'style_nav_header_background': 'white',
    # Toc options
    'collapse_navigation': True,
    'sticky_navigation': True,
    'navigation_depth': 4,
    'includehidden': True,
    'titles_only': False
}
```

### Table of contents options

The following options change how :rst`sphinx:toctree`{.interpreted-text
role="dir"} directives generate documentation navigation.

::: confval
collapse_navigation

With this enabled, navigation entries are not expandable \-- the `[+]`
icons next to each entry are removed.

type

:   boolean

default

:   `True`

::: note
::: title
Note
:::

Setting `collapse_navigation`{.interpreted-text role="confval"} to
`False` and using a high value for `navigation_depth`{.interpreted-text
role="confval"} on projects with many files and a deep file structure
can cause long compilation times and can result in HTML files that are
significantly larger in file size.
:::
:::

::: confval
sticky_navigation

Scroll the navigation with the main page content as you scroll the page.

type

:   boolean

default

:   `True`
:::

::: confval
navigation_depth

The maximum depth of the table of contents tree. Set this to `-1` to
allow unlimited depth.

type

:   integer

default

:   `4`
:::

::: confval
includehidden

Specifies if the navigation includes hidden table(s) of contents \--
that is, any :rst`sphinx:toctree`{.interpreted-text role="dir"}
directive that is marked with the `:hidden:` option.

type

:   boolean

default

:   `True`
:::

::: confval
titles_only

When enabled, page subheadings are not included in the navigation.

type

:   boolean

default

:   False
:::

### Miscellaneous options

::: confval
analytics_id

If specified, Google Analytics\' [gtag.js]() is included in your pages.
Set the value to the ID provided to you by google (like `UA-XXXXXXX` or
`G-XXXXXXXXXX`).

type

:   string
:::

::: confval
analytics_anonymize_ip

Anonymize visitor IP addresses in Google Analytics.

type

:   boolean

default

:   `False`
:::

::: confval
canonical_url

This will specify a [canonical URL]() meta link element to tell search
engines which URL should be ranked as the primary URL for your
documentation. This is important if you have multiple URLs that your
documentation is available through. The URL points to the root path of
the documentation and requires a trailing slash.

type

:   URL

::: deprecated
0.6.0

Use `sphinx:html_baseurl`{.interpreted-text role="confval"} instead.
:::
:::

::: confval
display_version

If `True`, the version number is shown at the top of the sidebar.

type

:   boolean

default

:   `True`
:::

::: confval
logo_only

Only display the logo image, do not display the project name at the top
of the sidebar

type

:   boolean

default

:   `False`
:::

::: confval
prev_next_buttons_location

Location to display `Next`{.interpreted-text role="guilabel"} and
`Previous`{.interpreted-text role="guilabel"} buttons. This can be
either `bottom`, `top`, `both` , or `None`.

type

:   string

default

:   `bottom`
:::

::: confval
style_external_links

Add an icon next to external links.

type

:   boolean

default

:   `False`
:::

::: confval
vcs_pageview_mode

Changes how to view files when using `display_github`, `display_gitlab`,
etc. When using GitHub or GitLab this can be: `blob` (default), `edit`,
or `raw`. On Bitbucket, this can be either: `view` (default) or `edit`.

type

:   string

default

:   `blob` or `view`
:::

::: confval
style_nav_header_background

Changes the background of the search area in the navigation bar. The
value can be anything valid in a CSS [background]{.title-ref} property.

type

:   string

default

:   `#2980B9`
:::

## File-wide metadata

The following options can be used as `file-wide metadata
<sphinx:metadata>`{.interpreted-text role="ref"}:

::: confval
github_url

Force the `Edit on GitHub`{.interpreted-text role="guilabel"} button to
use the configured URL.
:::

::: confval
bitbucket_url

Force the `Edit on Bitbucket`{.interpreted-text role="guilabel"} button
to use the configured URL.
:::

::: confval
gitlab_url

Force the `Edit on GitLab`{.interpreted-text role="guilabel"} button to
use the configured URL.
:::

## Other configuration

### Adding a logo

Using the Sphinx standard option
:py`html_logo <sphinx:html_logo>`{.interpreted-text role="confval"}, you
can set an image file to be used as a logo at the top of the sidebar.
The theme option :py`logo_only`{.interpreted-text role="confval"} also
allows for *only* the logo to be shown at the top of the sidebar.

### Adding custom CSS or Javascript

Adding custom CSS or Javascript can help you alter the look and feel of
this theme without forking the theme for local use.

In order to add custom CSS or Javascript without disrupting the existing
theme files, you can
`add files to be included in your documentation output
<rtd:guides/adding-custom-css>`{.interpreted-text role="doc"}.

## How the table of contents displays

Currently the left menu will build based upon any `toctree` directives
defined in your source files. It outputs 4 levels of depth by default,
to allow for quick navigation through topics. If no TOC trees are
defined, Sphinx\'s default behavior is to use the page headings instead.

It\'s important to note that if you don\'t follow the same styling for
your reST headings across your documents, the TOC tree will build
incorrectly, and the resulting menu might not show the correct depth
when it renders.

Also note that by default the table of contents is set with
`includehidden=True`. This allows you to set a hidden TOC in your index
file with the `:hidden: <sphinx:toctree-directive>`{.interpreted-text
role="ref"} property that will allow you to build a TOC without it
rendering in your index.

By default, the navigation will \"stick\" to the screen as you scroll.
However if your TOC is not tall enough, it will revert to static
positioning. To disable the sticky navigation altogether, change the
`sticky_navigation`{.interpreted-text role="confval"} theme option.
